Company logo for, LiveRamp.
LiveRamp
Technical Support Engineer
San Francisco, CA · 4 months ago · 59 people clicked apply
Full-time
$75,000 to $109,000.
Applicants
59
Source URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4401508206/
About the job
LiveRamp is the data collaboration platform of choice for the world’s most innovative companies. A groundbreaking leader in consumer privacy, data ethics, and foundational identity, LiveRamp is setting the new standard for building a connected customer view with unmatched clarity and context while protecting precious brand and consumer trust. LiveRamp offers complete flexibility to collaborate wherever data lives to support the widest range of data collaboration use cases—within organizations, between brands, and across its premier global network of top-quality partners. 

Hundreds of global innovators, from iconic consumer brands and tech giants to banks, retailers, and healthcare leaders turn to LiveRamp to build enduring brand and business value by deepening customer engagement and loyalty, activating new partnerships, and maximizing the value of their first-party data while staying on the forefront of rapidly evolving compliance and privacy requirements.

This is a 2 day in office, hybrid role from either our San Francisco, New York City, Seattle or Little Rock office. 

You Will


Become a member of our Technical Support team, and work to solve technical challenges as they arise while also leveraging your soft skills to thrill your clients.
Manage a ticket queue to provide technical guidance and troubleshooting to enable client satisfaction and company growth.
Work in tandem with LiveRamp’s Global Customer Support team while providing technical support to many of the world's well-known brands, advertisers, agencies, financial institutions, and data providers.
Contribute towards building a great company. 


Your Team Will

The Technical Support Engineer team is responsible for resolving clients’ technical support tickets while delighting our clients with excellent customer service.

About You


Willingness to work in a standard 9am-5pm window, but will allow some flexibility (e.g. 10am-6pm or 10:30am - 6:30pm). Possible occasional on-call or weekend availability.
Comfortable talking to customers over video conferences.
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent
2+ years of experience in advertising technology, marketing services or software technology in a customer support or delivery services role.
History of resolving customer issues quickly, with sustainable solutions, while delighting all stakeholders.
Track record of successfully facilitating processes that result in experience improvements for internal and external stakeholders.
Experience with advertising or marketing technology, or SaaS support.
Experience with (or eagerness to learn) diagnosing technical issues, complex system troubleshooting without step-by-step guidance (e.g. querying databases, digging into logs).
Resourcefulness. We don't have all the answers, but you'll need to find them.
Great communication skills with external customers and internal stakeholders. 
The ability to respond promptly and follow through on projects to completion.
The ability to work and succeed in ambiguous situations with little direction.
A desire to learn and adopt new skills - both technical and non-technical - in order to craft and deliver the best solutions.
Type S(tartup) personality: smart, ethical, friendly, cross-functional, hardworking and proactive.
Open-minded, collaborative, dependable, and poised when working through customer or internal challenges.


Preferred Skills


Familiarity with SQL querying. Ability to execute and understand existing queries, and make adjustments as needed.


This is a 2 day in office, hybrid role from either our San Francisco, New York City, Seattle or Little Rock office. 

The approximate annual base compensation range is $75,000 to $109,000. The actual offer, reflecting the total compensation package and benefits, will be determined by a number of factors including the applicant's experience, knowledge, skills, and abilities, geography, as well as internal equity among our team.

Benefits


People: Work with talented, collaborative, and friendly people who love what they do.
Fun: We host in-person and virtual events such as game nights, happy hours, camping trips, and sports leagues. 
Work/Life Harmony: Flexible paid time off, paid holidays, options for working from home, and paid parental leave.
Comprehensive Benefits Package: LiveRamp offers a comprehensive benefits package designed to help you be your best self in your personal and professional lives. Our benefits package offers medical, dental, vision, life and disability, an employee assistance program, voluntary benefits as well as perks programs for your healthy lifestyle, career growth and more.
Savings: Our 401K matching plan—1:1 match up to 6% of salary—helps you plan ahead. Also Employee Stock Purchase Plan - 15% discount off purchase price of LiveRamp stock (U.S. LiveRampers)
RampRemote: A comprehensive office equipment and ergonomics program—we provide you with equipment and tools to be your most productive self, no matter where you're located


More About Us

LiveRamp’s mission is to connect data in ways that matter, and doing so starts with our people. We know that inspired teams enlist people from a blend of backgrounds and experiences. And we know that individuals do their best when they not only bring their full selves to work but feel like they truly belong. Connecting LiveRampers to new ideas and one another is one of our guiding principles—one that informs how we hire, train, and grow our global team across nine countries and four continents. Click here to learn more about Diversity, Inclusion, & Belonging (DIB) at LiveRamp. 

LiveRamp is an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer (AA/EOE/W/M/Vet/Disabled) and does not discriminate in recruiting, hiring, training, promotion or other employment of associates or the awarding of subcontracts because of a person's race, color, sex, age, religion, national origin, protected veteran, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetics or other protected status. Qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for the position in accordance with the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance.

We use automated decision systems (ADS) as part of our recruitment and hiring process. If you require an accommodation or believe that the use of an ADS may create a barrier to your application or participation in the hiring process due to a disability or other protected characteristic, please let us know. We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations and ensuring an equitable hiring experience for all candidates.

California residents: Please see our California Personnel Privacy Policy for more information regarding how we collect, use, and disclose the personal information you provide during the job application process.

To all recruitment agencies: LiveRamp does not accept agency resumes. Please do not forward resumes to our jobs alias, LiveRamp employees or any other company location. LiveRamp is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.
… more

Benefits found in job post

401(k)
