Company logo for, Southern California Edison (SCE).
Southern California Edison (SCE)
GIS and System Support Specialist
Rosemead, CA · 3 hours ago · 5 people clicked apply
Full-time
Applicants
5
Source URL: https://www.linkedin.com/jobs/view/4453661445/
About the job
Join the Clean Energy Revolution

Become a GIS and System Support Specialist at Southern California Edison (SCE) and build a better tomorrow. In this job, you'll help drive the Environment, Health, Safety, and Quality (EHSQ) organization's Geographic Information Systems (GIS) capabilities while contributing to the development, support, and enhancement of business applications and digital solutions. You will leverage GIS technologies, coding, automation, and data analytics to improve business processes, enhance data quality, and provide innovative solutions that support environmental and safety activities, and support strategic initiatives.

You will partner with business and technology teams to develop and maintain applications, automate workflows, support system enhancements, and implement GIS-based solutions that enable users to better visualize, manage, and analyze critical environmental and operational data. This role also provides opportunities to explore emerging technologies, including artificial intelligence (AI), to improve efficiency and modernize EHSQ operations.

As a GIS and System Support Specialist, your work will help power our planet, reduce carbon emissions and create cleaner air for everyone. Are you ready to take on the challenge to help us build the future?

Responsibilities


Assists in preparation of reports, dashboards, or presentations. Inputs appropriate data into Work Management systems.
Understands key performance indicators (KPIs) and supports assessment around work performance and productivity.
Assists in gathering feedback and lessons learned from project activities.
Supports the implementation of process enhancements to improve work performance and productivity; identify basic opportunities for skill development and training.
A material job duty of all positions within the Company is ensuring the protection of all its physical, ﬁnancial and cybersecurity assets, and properly accessing and managing private customer data, proprietary information, conﬁdential medical records, and other types of highly sensitive information and data with the highest standards of conduct and integrity.


Minimum Qualifications


Three or more years of experience in work management.


Preferred Qualifications


Specialized GIS education, GIS certification, or degree in Geographic Information Systems, Geography, Computer Science, Information Systems, or a related field.
Experience with ESRI technologies, including ArcGIS Pro, ArcGIS Online, Survey123, Field Maps, Web Maps, Experience Builder, and Dashboards
Experience with coding and scripting languages such as Python, JavaScript, SQL, or similar technologies used for application development and automation.
Experience developing, enhancing, and supporting business applications, workflows, and system integrations.
Experience with Microsoft Power Platform, including Power Apps, Power Automate, and Power BI.
Experience supporting environmental, safety, utility, engineering, construction, or regulatory compliance programs. 


Additional Information


This position’s work mode is hybrid. The employee will report to an SCE facility for a set number of days with the option to work remotely on the remaining days.  Unless otherwise noted, employees are required to work and reside in the state of California.  Further details of this work mode will be discussed at the interview stage. The work mode can be changed based on business needs.
Visit our Candidate Resource page to get meaningful information related to benefits, perks, resources, testing information, hiring process, and more!
Qualified applications with arrest or conviction records will be considered for employment in accordance with the Los Angeles County Fair Chance Ordinance for Employers and the California Fair Chance Act. 
Relocation does not apply to this position.


About Southern California Edison

The people at SCE don't just keep the lights on. Our mission is so much bigger. We’re fueling the kind of innovation that’s changing an entire industry, and quite possibly the planet. Join us and create a future with cleaner energy, while providing our customers with the safety and reliability they demand. At SCE, you’ll have a chance to grow personally and professionally, making a real impact in Southern California and around the world.

Southern California Edison is a proud Equal Opportunity Employer, including disability and protected veteran status.

We are committed to ensuring that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodations at AskHR@sce.com or (626) 302-3456 and select option 2.
… more
