0 notifications
Home
My Network
Jobs
Messaging
Company, Bank of Hope.
Analyst - Encompass (Verified job)Analyst - Encompass
Bank of Hope
Analyst - Encompass
Irvine, CA · Reposted 11 hours ago · 92 people clicked apply
On-site
Full-time
About the job
A Business Analyst job primarily focuses on managing and maintaining the Encompass Loan Origination System (LOS) along with all integrated platforms within a mortgage lending organization, ensuring its smooth operation by managing business rules, implementing system updates, troubleshooting issues, and collaborating with different teams to optimize workflows and compliance with regulations.

Maintain Loan Setup settings as applicable to ongoing business management and regulatory needs.
Maintain complete loan document library, build custom disclosure documents as needed and maintain eFolder.
Liaison with third party vendors to create and maintain interfaces as needed.
Maintain loan program directory in collaboration with Secondary Marketing to ensure accurate guidelines.
Responsible for performing day-to-day monitoring to determine health of systems.
Review and summarize the effects of Encompass releases to management.
Maintain documentation to workflow, program changes and customizations.
Maintain Encompass test environment and coordinate system testing on all new versions prior to implementation.

Job Qualifications/Requirements

Education/Credentials
Minimum Education Level: Associates Degree

Prior Experience
Preferred: 3-5 years in residential lending field
Preferred: 2 years recent experience in loan origination system management

Technical Skills
Preferred: Experience with Ellie Mae Encompass LOS, Certified Encompass administrator preferred.
Preferred: Effective verbal and written communication skills.
Preferred: Strong organizational skills with a willingness to adapt to change as needed in a fast-paced environment.
Preferred: Ability to effectively work with department team members and other stakeholders.

The salary range for this full-time position is $90,000 - $120,000 annually + bonus + benefits
Salary ranges are determined based on qualifications, level, and location.
Exact compensation may vary based on your skills and experience.
Bank of Hope is an equal employment opportunity employer.
Set alert for similar jobs
Analyst, Irvine, California, United States
Candidates who clicked apply
92
total
About the company
Bank of Hope
Banking
1001-5000 employees
LinkedIn Corporation © 2026
Simplify
Resume Score
17
Low Resume Match
Only Matches 1 out of 6 keywords.
troubleshooting
compliance
business management
organizational skills
communication skills
verbal and written communication skills
