Home
My Network
Jobs
Messaging
Notifications

Company logo for, Bulletproof.
Bulletproof
Technical Analyst II
Ladera Ranch, CA · 3 days ago · 34 people clicked apply
On-site
Full-time
Apply
Save

8%
Resume Match
1 of 12 keywords
Simplify
High Priority Keywords
troubleshooting
Azure
macOS
service delivery
service desk
LAN/WAN
compliance
hosting environment
change management
iOS
Low Priority Keywords
interpersonal skills
customer service

About the job
Bulletproof provides technology, security, and compliance services.

Position Summary
The Technical Analyst II ensures friendly and professional IT service delivery and provides escalation support for issues that Tier 1 analysts cannot resolve. The role troubleshoots major incidents in client network, server, and virtual client environments and supports urgent after-hours incidents.

Responsibilities
Respond to issues escalated by Tier 1.
Correct end-user issues and escalate unresolved incidents.
Assist client IT personnel and resolve end-user issues.
Perform limited installations and support LAN/WAN environments.
Maintain records, logs, and troubleshooting reports.
Provide hands-on training, materials, and documentation.
Improve technical processes and evaluate relationships between systems.
Provide operational support for email, backups, Active Directory, user management, PC and network setup, CSP, Knowledge Base, VoIP, and PSA solutions.
Monitor IT system logs and server security.
Resolve network and infrastructure software issues.
Maintain knowledge of remote access products.
Maintain technical knowledge of Microsoft 365, Azure, Windows, macOS, Android, and iOS.
Assist Service Desk management with Tier 1 mentorship.
Review service requests and incidents to ensure timely resolutions and address customer service concerns.

Required Education/Credentials/Qualifications
A bachelor's degree in a related technical discipline or relevant experience and certification.
Working knowledge of Microsoft 365, Azure, Windows, and Microsoft Office.
Excellent communication, interpersonal skills, and customer service orientation.
Ability to work independently with changing priorities.
Familiarity with ITIL processes is an asset.
Incident Management and Change Management are assets.
Experience in a hosting environment is an asset.

Benefits
Health, dental, and vision insurance.
Equal Opportunity Statement
Bulletproof is an equal opportunity employer.

Benefits found in job post
401(k), Vision insurance
Set alert for similar jobs
Candidates who clicked apply
34 total
About
Accessibility
LinkedIn Corporation © 2026

Simplify
High Priority Keywords
troubleshooting
Azure
macOS
service delivery
service desk
LAN/WAN
compliance
hosting environment
change management
iOS
Low Priority Keywords
interpersonal skills
customer service
Update Job Description
