0 notifications
Home
Jobs
Company logo for, Niagara Bottling.
Niagara Bottling

IT Systems Functional I

Diamond Bar, CA · 2 days ago · Over 100 people clicked apply
Full-time

About the job
The IT Systems Functional I will work within the IT Team to support the overall system and network needs of Niagara's corporate office and plants.

Essential Functions
Analyze and develop solutions addressing customer needs.
Troubleshoot daily operational system issues to define root cause and temporary or permanent solutions.
Learn processes and systems quickly and deliver results based on timelines.
Work with the business to understand and document requirements, determine design and approach, configure, and test applications that support business needs.
Analyze supply chain processes to identify process and system improvements, efficiency gains, and cost reduction using supply chain applications and data mining tools.
Organize and run meetings to identify supply chain opportunities and system needs across IT, Accounting, Finance, Transportation, Customer Service, Planning, Distribution, and Production.
Document meeting minutes, action items, issues, risks, requirements, process flows, new functionality, and SOP and training materials.
Train super users and end users on functionality and process changes.
Plan, track, escalate, and deliver tasks and timelines, including scheduled and off-hours support.
Write use cases, business rules, swim lane diagrams, and activity flow diagrams to represent business processes, outcomes, and requirements.
Monitor process and technology and provide insights into overall status.

Qualifications
Minimum Qualifications: 0 years of experience in the field, position, or managing people and projects; experience may combine work and education.
Preferred Qualifications: 2 years of experience in the field, position, or managing people and projects.

Competencies
Prioritize tasks, customer issues, safety issues, commitments, and department goals.
Continuously improve policies, methods, procedures, products, performance, and efficiency.
Communicate clearly and manage expectations across departments.
Work in a fast-paced, dynamic environment with a cross-functional team and manage minor project implementations.
Experience in Business Analysis.
Strong analytical, problem-solving, critical thinking, facilitation, interpersonal, planning, organizational, written, verbal, presentation, and documentation skills.
Translate complex business needs into use case models and manage multiple priorities and projects.
Proficient computer skills including Microsoft Office and Outlook.

Education
Minimum Required: Bachelor's Degree in Supply Chain, Transportation, Manufacturing, Computer Science, Engineering, a related field, or equivalent work experience.

Typical Compensation Range
$82,011.54 - $118,916.74 / Yearly

Benefits found in job post
401(k)

Resume Score
0
Only Matches 0 out of 12 keywords.
Outlook
business analysis
data mining
customer needs
interpersonal skills
cross-functional
critical thinking
communication skills
customer service
problem-solving
verbal communication
written and verbal communication skills
