Company logo for, PDS Health.
PDS Health

Analyst I, Epic Application Professional Billing and Claims

Irvine, CA · 12 minutes ago · 3 people clicked apply

$83K/yr - $103K/yr
Full-time

About the job
Now is the time to join PDS Health. You will have opportunities to learn new skills from our team of experienced professionals. If you're ready to take your career to the next level and gain valuable experience, apply today!

The Analyst I, Epic Application Professional Billing and Claims is primarily responsible for assisting with basic Epic Professional Billing and Claims system configuration, routine tasks like build updates, testing, and report creation. Serves as contact for end users, assists with troubleshooting issues, and responds to related tickets.

Responsibilities
Assists with basic Epic system configuration, support, and maintenance.
Works under close supervision to perform routine tasks such as building updates, testing, and report creation.
Prepares documentation for system workflows and technical changes.
Assists with help desk; collaborates with end users to troubleshoot issues.
Participates in training sessions and gains proficiency in the Professional Billing/Claims Epic module.
Other duties and responsibilities as assigned.

Qualifications
Bachelor's degree in IT, healthcare, or a related field (or equivalent experience).
0-2 years of relevant experience.
Proficiency in basic IT tools; Epic certification preferred but not required (must be obtained within the first year).

Preferred
Professional certifications in healthcare information systems or business applications.
Experience in managing clinical and business information systems within a healthcare environment.
Knowledge of dental operations, integrated care delivery systems, and healthcare application ecosystems.
Demonstrated experience leading patient experience or digital engagement initiatives.

Knowledge/Skills/Abilities
Strong problem-solving and troubleshooting skills with the ability to analyze complex issues and recommend effective solutions.
Demonstrated organizational skills, with the ability to prioritize tasks, manage multiple projects, and meet deadlines.
Proven ability to work independently as well as within a team environment.
Customer service-driven mindset with a focus on continuous improvement and operational efficiency.

Benefits
Medical, dental, and vision insurance
Paid time off
Tuition Reimbursement
401K
Paid time to volunteer in your local community

Compensation Information
$83,000.00-$103,000.00 / Annually

PDS Health is an Equal Opportunity Employer.

Benefits found in job post
Vision insurance, 401(k)

Resume Score
25
Low Resume Match
Only Matches 1 out of 4 keywords.
troubleshooting
organizational skills
customer service
problem-solving

LinkedIn Corporation
