Skip to main content
This site uses necessary cookies that enable core functionality such as security, network management, and accessibility. You may disable these by changing your browser settings, but this may affect how the website functions.
Decline
Accept Cookies
search for jobs
English
Sign In
Search for Jobs
Raytheon Full-time RF/Microwave Antenna Electrical Engineer I (Onsite) page is loaded
Raytheon Full-time RF/Microwave Antenna Electrical Engineer I (Onsite)
Apply
locations
US-CA-EL SEGUNDO-R01 ~ 2000 E Imperial Hwy ~ BLDG R01
time type
Full time
posted on
Posted 14 Days Ago
time left to apply
End Date: August 31, 2026 (12 days left to apply)
job requisition id
01864246
Simplify
Let’s Strengthen Your Resume
3 out of 13 keywords matched, add more to make you stand out.
View more match details
23
Low Match
Date Posted: 2026-08-04
Country: United States of America
Location: US-CA-EL SEGUNDO-R01 ~ 2000 E Imperial Hwy ~ BLDG R01
Position Role Type: Onsite
U.S. Citizen, U.S. Person, or Immigration Status Requirements:
The ability to obtain and maintain a U.S. government issued security clearance is required. U.S. citizenship is required.
Security Clearance Type: DoD Clearance: Secret

We are seeking a Radio Frequency (RF)/Microwave Antenna Engineer within our Airborne Radar Electronics Design Hardware Engineering directorate. This role will be an on-site position located in El Segundo, California.

The RF/Microwave Antenna Engineer participates in development of circulators, radiators, filters, and passive components for phased array antennas.

What You Will Do
Participate in development of state-of-the-art circulators, radiators, filters, and passive components
Perform design analysis, verification, troubleshooting, and testing for circulators, radiators, and RF/microwave sub-components used in phased array antennas
Present technical information to peers and program leadership with possible customer exposure

Qualifications You Must Have
Bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering or a related Science, Technology, Engineering or Mathematics major obtained by start date
Ability to obtain and maintain a U.S. government issued security clearance
U.S. citizenship is required

Qualifications We Prefer
Coursework or project experience involving antenna theory or RF/microwave component design
Ability to apply basic principles, theories, and concepts within electrical engineering fields
Experience reading technical drawings or electrical schematics
Hands-on lab experience with VNAs, power meters, oscilloscopes, spectrum analyzers, DMMs, and signal generators
Experience presenting technical information through projects, internships, or extracurricular activities
Exposure to RF simulation tools such as CST or Ansys HFSS
Familiarity with Python, LabVIEW, or MATLAB for scientific programming or automation
Exposure to Keysight ADS or AutoCAD
Familiarity with engineering requirements or test documentation
Exposure to phased arrays, feed networks, circulators, filters, or beamformers

What We Offer
The salary range for this role is 62,900 USD - 119,700 USD.
Hired applicants may be eligible for medical, dental, vision, life insurance, disability, 401(k) match, flexible spending accounts, paid time off, parental leave, and holidays.
RTX anticipates the application window closing approximately 40 days from the date the notice was posted.
RTX is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to protected class.
Privacy Policy and Terms:
Click on this link to read the Policy and Terms
Similar Jobs (3)
RF & Microwave Engineer II
locations
US-CA-EL SEGUNDO-R01 ~ 2000 E Imperial Hwy ~ BLDG R01
time type
Full time
posted on
Posted 30+ Days Ago
Senior Antenna/Microwave Engineer
locations
US-CA-EL SEGUNDO-R01 ~ 2000 E Imperial Hwy ~ BLDG R01
Principal Mechanical Engineer - Antenna & Electronic Packaging
RTX
RTX is an aerospace and defense company that provides advanced systems and services for commercial, military and government customers worldwide.
Read More
Follow Us
Job Applicant Privacy Notice
© 2026 Workday, Inc. All rights reserved.
Simplify
