rtx_logo
-
-
Semiconductor Manufacturing Engineer - Goleta, CA
Location goleta, California, United States of America Category Operations RTX Raytheon Job Type Full time Onsite Job ID: 01862457
Goleta, California, United States of America
Full time
Onsite
Date Posted: 2026-07-29
Country: United States of America
Location: US-CA-GOLETA-B01 ~ 6825 Cortona Dr ~ BLDG B01
Position Role Type: Onsite
U.S. Citizen, U.S. Person, or Immigration Status Requirements:
The ability to obtain and maintain a U.S. government issued security clearance is required. U.S. citizenship is required.
Security Clearance Type: DoD Clearance: Secret

Raytheon Vision Systems designs and manufactures focal plane arrays and flight-based vision systems. The manufacturing engineering team combines hands-on problem solving with data-driven decision making.

What You Will Do
Be responsible for oversight and assembly of Focal Plane Arrays and optical components from implementation of design to shipment
Provide engineering support for the manufacturing factory and interpret engineering drawings and specifications into build plans
Create schedules and oversee nonrecurring and recurring tasks to support program builds
Create and maintain bills of material and generate process flow travelers
Manage process and tooling activities, review and disposition defective material, manage budgets, and interface with manufacturing personnel
Lead problem-solving efforts and corrective actions
Disposition nonconforming material with root cause and corrective action analysis
Perform and support First Article Inspections assuring hardware meets quality requirements

Qualifications You Must Have
Typically requires a degree in Science, Technology, Engineering or Mathematics and less than 2 years of prior experience
Experience with semiconductor cleanroom work environment and principles
U.S. citizenship and the ability to obtain and maintain a U.S. government issued security clearance are required

Qualifications We Prefer
Experience with wet etch, metal lift-off, lithography, plasma cleaning, or associated semiconductor processing equipment
Experience with II-VI and III-V or other compound semiconductor processing
Proficiency using Microsoft Office Suite including Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Project
Working knowledge of military and commercial manufacturing processes
Knowledge of Design for Manufacturability, Six Sigma, and statistical techniques
Demonstrated ability to lead projects and work as part of an Integrated Product Team
Ability to relay concepts for tooling design and design for manufacturability
Knowledge of creating assembly planning and work instructions

What We Offer
The salary range for this role is 62,900 USD - 119,700 USD.
